chore: clarify owner/receiver (#24)
ERC4626-Alliance/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7540.md

Asynchronous redeem Vaults MUST override the ERC-4626 specification as follows:

1. The `redeem` and `withdraw` methods do not transfer `shares` to the Vault, because this already happened on `requestRedeem`. 

> 2. The `shareOwner` field of `redeem` and `withdraw` MUST be `msg.sender` unless the `shareOwner` has approved the `msg.sender` as an operator.

Reviewer: Should be `requestOwner` here because you are claiming the request of this user
```suggestion
2. The `requestOwner` field of `redeem` and `withdraw` (defined as the `owner` in [ERC-4626](./eip-4626.md)) MUST be `msg.sender` unless the `requestOwner` has approved the `msg.sender` as an operator.
```
```suggestion
2. The `shareOwner` field of `redeem` and `withdraw` MUST be `msg.sender` unless the `shareOwner` has approved the `msg.sender` as an operator.
```

| **State**   | **User**                         | **Vault** |
|-------------|---------------------------------|-----------|

> | Pending     | `requestDeposit(assets, requestOwner, assetOwner, data)` | `asset.transferFrom(assetOwner, vault, assets)`; `pendingDepositRequest[assetOwner] += assets` |

Author: verify this vs. #L587 -- should it the pending step be `pendingDepositRequest[assetOwner] += assets` here?

Reviewer: Should be `pendingDepositRequest[requestOwner] += assets` here

> | Pending     | `requestDeposit(assets, requestOwner, assetOwner, data)` | `asset.transferFrom(assetOwner, vault, assets)`; `pendingDepositRequest[assetOwner] += assets` |
> | Claimable   |                                 | *Internal Request fulfillment*:  `pendingDepositRequest[assetOwner] -= assets`; `claimableDepositRequest[assetOwner] += assets` |
> | Claimed     | `deposit(assets, receiver)`      | `claimableDepositRequest[assetOwner] -= assets`; `vault.balanceOf[requestOwner] += shares` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Pending     | `requestDeposit(assets, requestOwner, assetOwner, data)` | `asset.transferFrom(assetOwner, vault, assets)`; `pendingDepositRequest[requestOwner] += assets` |
| Claimable   |                                 | *Internal Request fulfillment*:  `pendingDepositRequest[requestOwner] -= assets`; `claimableDepositRequest[requestOwner] += assets` |
| Claimed     | `deposit(assets, receiver)`      | `claimableDepositRequest[requestOwner] -= assets`; `vault.balanceOf[requestOwner] += shares` |
```
```suggestion
| Pending     | `requestDeposit(assets, requestOwner, assetOwner, data)` | `asset.transferFrom(assetOwner, vault, assets)`; `pendingDepositRequest[assetOwner] += assets` |
| Claimable   |                                 | *Internal Request fulfillment*:  `pendingDepositRequest[assetOwner] -= assets`; `claimableDepositRequest[assetOwner] += assets` |
| Claimed     | `deposit(assets, receiver)`      | `claimableDepositRequest[assetOwner] -= assets`; `vault.balanceOf[requestOwner] += shares` |
```

#### `deposit` and `mint` overloaded methods

Implementations MUST support an additional overloaded `deposit` and `mint` method on the specification from [ERC-4626](./eip-4626.md), with an additional `requestOwner` input of type `address`:

> - `deposit(uint256 assets, address receiver, address requestOwner)`

Author: should we rename `owner` in 4626 to `requestOwner`? im ambivalent, went ahead and changed it though

    mapping(address owner => mapping(address operator => bool)) public isOperator;

    function requestDeposit(uint256 assets, address requestOwner, address assetOwner, bytes calldata data) external returns (uint256 requestId) {
        require(assets != 0);
        require(assetOwner == msg.sender || isOperator[assetOwner][msg.sender]);

        requestId = 0; // no requestId associated with this request

        asset.safeTransferFrom(assetOwner, address(this), assets); // asset here is the Vault underlying asset

>         pendingDepositRequest[assetOwner] += assets;

Author: double check this is right?
